I wish uncle good luck
Everything goes well
The Wang family wishes uncle good health
Lucky stars shine
What are you still doing here?
I heard that Grandpa Guo was famous and loved calligraphy and painting
I specially ask for the masterpiece of Immortal Transformation Xiaoyaozi for you
Xiaoyaozi is the word of Xiaoyaozi who turned into an immortal
I heard that Xiaoyaozi paints
It's all about mood
Usually?
How many wealthy families and nobles can't ask for one?
You said what you said was Xiaoyaozi's
Really?
It's actually the real work of Xiaoyaozi?
I don't know if Grandpa Wang is satisfied with my gift.
satisfied
Grandpa Shen broke you before
I didn't expect you to be a mother.
This is not a picture I drew at the time
I remember letting the life insurance go
Sister, what gift should your sister bring you?
Grandpa, I brought a painting I made myself
Do you know how much you weigh?
I drew it myself, so I had the nerve to take it out and embarrass myself.
How do you know I'm not good at drawing?
Okay, then take out what you drew
Let everyone see your level